2018/20180128.md, before:

# Week Ending January 28, 2018

## Community Meeting Summary

[This week's meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VQDIAB0OqiSjIHI8AWMvSdceWhnz56jNpZrLs6o7NJY/edit#) included two related demos, of [kube-exec](https://github.com/radu-matei/kube-exec) and [kube-toolkit](https://github.com/radu-matei/kube-toolkit).  Kube-exec is a demo tool which allows passing a command to run as a pod in a cluster from simple go code.  Kube-toolkit helps go developers create gRPC-based CLIs for Kubernetes.

Jaice DuMars, who recently replaced Phil Whitrock as SIG lead for SIG-release, discussed the 1.10 release with Ihor Dvoretskyi, the Features Lead.  See below for this.

Jeff Borek announced that IBM was willing to host SIG meetings for free at their [Index conference](https://developer.ibm.com/indexconf/) on February 20th; [contact him](mailto:jborek@us.ibm.com) for space ASAP if you want it.  Similarly, SIG participants were invited to [register for SIG meetings and deep-dives](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/kubernetes-dev/kohn%7Csort:date/kubernetes-dev/5U-eNRBav2Q/g71MW47ZAgAJ) at [Kubernetes Copenhagen](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe-2018/).  Finally, Kubernetes contributors need to [help staff the next Meet Our Contributors event](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/mentoring/meet-our-contributors.md) coming up on February 7th.

## Release Schedule

This was [week 4](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/releases/release-1.10/release-1.10.md) of version 1.10 development.

Feature Freeze is January 29th, so by the time you read this, the [list of likely 1.10 features](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17bZrKTk8dOx5nomLrD1-93uBfajK5JS-v1o-nCLJmzE/edit?usp=sharing) should be complete.  Among the interesting features proposed are [moving CronJobs, formerly ScheduledJobs, to beta](https://github.com/kubernetes/features/issues/19), [support for debug containers](https://github.com/kubernetes/features/issues/277), and [infrastructure-aware Volume scheduling](https://github.com/kubernetes/features/issues/490).  Look for a summary of 1.10 features in a future LWKD.

## Feature Work

168 pull requests were merged this week.  As usual, most of them were clean-up items, including [removing unused code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58969).

* ConfigMaps now [support binary files](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/57938).
* Quotas have been changed into [a reusable object](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/57149), for consistent management.
* The Kubelet [no longer makes assumptions about container image names](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58955).
* The load balancer now [supports Juju network spaces](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58708).
* GlusterFS volume names [now include namepace names](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58513/files).

## Deprecated

* rknetes is being [deprecated in favor of rklet](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58418).
* [deviceplugin is being renamed devicemanager](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/56870), but only in the internal API.

There were also many removals of dead and/or unused code, options, and files this week, including:

* The [KubeletConfigFile](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58760) feature gate.
* The [rktshim directory](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58902).
* The [Prefix](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58971) field in config.
* The [--tls-ca-file](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58968) switch.
* The [op field](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58568)

## Version Updates

* fluentd in the fluentd-es-image is [1.10](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58525)
* calico version is [2.6.6](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58482)
* etcd is [3.1.10](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/54242)

## Other Merges

* We now have [some GPU tests](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58890).
* We now get [Windows versions directly from the registry](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58498).
* Hyperkube now [communicates via cobra](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58408).
* Runtime configs [are being passed through the ApiServer to other API components](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/57228).

## Graph of the Week

![mentions-graph](mentions_graph.png)

The graph of the week was [mentions per SIG](https://k8s.devstats.cncf.io/dashboard/db/sig-mentions-categories?orgId=1&var-period=d7&var-sig=cli&var-sigcats=All).  This shows team mentions on Github, usually because someone wants a PR review.  Aaron Crickenberger introduced this graph because he personally feels that there are way too many Github teams; with 18 teams per SIG, the Kubernetes namespace has more than 290 teams.  His suggestion was that the project could weed out the teams that are not frequently used.


*Last Week In Kubernetes Development (LWKD) is a product of [some members of the Kubernetes project](/authors), but is not an official publication of the Kubernetes project or the CNCF.  All original content is licensed [Creative Commons Share-Alike](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode), although linked content and images may be differently licensed.*

*You may contribute to LWKD by submitting pull requests or issues on the [LWKD github repo](https://github.com/lwkd/lwkd.github.io).*

Commit message:

Fixed graph, added mention of alpha.

2018/20180128.md, after:

# Week Ending January 28, 2018

## Community Meeting Summary

[This week's meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VQDIAB0OqiSjIHI8AWMvSdceWhnz56jNpZrLs6o7NJY/edit#) included two related demos, of [kube-exec](https://github.com/radu-matei/kube-exec) and [kube-toolkit](https://github.com/radu-matei/kube-toolkit).  Kube-exec is a demo tool which allows passing a command to run as a pod in a cluster from simple go code.  Kube-toolkit helps go developers create gRPC-based CLIs for Kubernetes.

Jaice DuMars, who recently replaced Phil Whitrock as SIG lead for SIG-release, discussed the 1.10 release with Ihor Dvoretskyi, the Features Lead.  See below for this.

Jeff Borek announced that IBM was willing to host SIG meetings for free at their [Index conference](https://developer.ibm.com/indexconf/) on February 20th; [contact him](mailto:jborek@us.ibm.com) for space ASAP if you want it.  Similarly, SIG participants were invited to [register for SIG meetings and deep-dives](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!searchin/kubernetes-dev/kohn%7Csort:date/kubernetes-dev/5U-eNRBav2Q/g71MW47ZAgAJ) at [Kubernetes Copenhagen](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/events/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe-2018/).  Finally, Kubernetes contributors need to [help staff the next Meet Our Contributors event](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/mentoring/meet-our-contributors.md) coming up on February 7th.

## Release Schedule

This was [week 4](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/releases/release-1.10/release-1.10.md) of version 1.10 development.

Feature Freeze is January 29th, so by the time you read this, the [list of likely 1.10 features](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17bZrKTk8dOx5nomLrD1-93uBfajK5JS-v1o-nCLJmzE/edit?usp=sharing) should be complete.  Among the interesting features proposed are [moving CronJobs, formerly ScheduledJobs, to beta](https://github.com/kubernetes/features/issues/19), [support for debug containers](https://github.com/kubernetes/features/issues/277), and [infrastructure-aware Volume scheduling](https://github.com/kubernetes/features/issues/490).  Look for a summary of 1.10 features in a future LWKD.

An alpha of 1.10 should be available on Tuesday, the 30th.

## Feature Work

168 pull requests were merged this week.  As usual, most of them were clean-up items, including [removing unused code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58969).

* ConfigMaps now [support binary files](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/57938).
* Quotas have been changed into [a reusable object](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/57149), for consistent management.
* The Kubelet [no longer makes assumptions about container image names](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58955).
* The load balancer now [supports Juju network spaces](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58708).
* GlusterFS volume names [now include namepace names](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58513/files).

## Deprecated

* rknetes is being [deprecated in favor of rklet](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58418).
* [deviceplugin is being renamed devicemanager](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/56870), but only in the internal API.

There were also many removals of dead and/or unused code, options, and files this week, including:

* The [KubeletConfigFile](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58760) feature gate.
* The [rktshim directory](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58902).
* The [Prefix](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58971) field in config.
* The [--tls-ca-file](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58968) switch.
* The [op field](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58568)

## Version Updates

* fluentd in the fluentd-es-image is [1.10](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58525)
* calico version is [2.6.6](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58482)
* etcd is [3.1.10](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/54242)

## Other Merges

* We now have [some GPU tests](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58890).
* We now get [Windows versions directly from the registry](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58498).
* Hyperkube now [communicates via cobra](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/58408).
* Runtime configs [are being passed through the ApiServer to other API components](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/57228).

## Graph of the Week

![mentions-graph](/2018/images/mentions_graph.png)

The graph of the week was [mentions per SIG](https://k8s.devstats.cncf.io/dashboard/db/sig-mentions-categories?orgId=1&var-period=d7&var-sig=cli&var-sigcats=All).  This shows team mentions on Github, usually because someone wants a PR review.  Aaron Crickenberger introduced this graph because he personally feels that there are way too many Github teams; with 18 teams per SIG, the Kubernetes namespace has more than 290 teams.  His suggestion was that the project could weed out the teams that are not frequently used.


*Last Week In Kubernetes Development (LWKD) is a product of [some members of the Kubernetes project](/authors), but is not an official publication of the Kubernetes project or the CNCF.  All original content is licensed [Creative Commons Share-Alike](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode), although linked content and images may be differently licensed.*

*You may contribute to LWKD by submitting pull requests or issues on the [LWKD github repo](https://github.com/lwkd/lwkd.github.io).*
