---
layout: post
title: Week Ending Month DD, 2019
date: 2019-01-22 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2019-01-20-update
---

## Community Meeting Summary


## Release Schedule


## Featured PRs

### [#72947: Merge feature-serverside-apply back in master](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/72947)

Server-side apply has finally (mostly) landed! Up until now, all the logic for `kubectl apply` has lived in Kubectl itself, making it very difficult to use from other places like custom controllers or CLI tools. By moving the logic to the API server, `apply` functionality is now easily available to all clients. This also dramatically improves the behavior of `apply` when working with multiple competing controllers, such as the case of an object uploaded via `kubectl apply` but also being updated by Horizontal Pod Autoscaler.

The LWKD team would like to extend out personal congratulations to the whole SSA team and SIG-APIMachinery, it was a long road but you all made it happen!

### [test-infra#11135: Add postmortem for 2019-02-05 partial outage](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/pull/11135)

Did you know that SIG-Testing publishes outage reports for Prow and Tide? Fortunately issues are infrequent and this outage only impacted a few PRs, but it's a great post-mortem report and worth a read if nothing else to have a better idea of how it all works.

### [community#3186: Update zoom guidelines](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/pull/3186)

Zoom is used by many SIGs and WGs for their weekly meetings, as well as for other video chats. This week sees a nice revamp of the documentation for working with Zoom for Kubernetes teams. As always, if you have any questions about our usage of Zoom, please contact the [Zoom admins](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/communication/moderators.md#zoom) or anyone in SIG-ContribEx.

## Other Merges

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Other Repositories

*

## Contributor Tip of the Week
