---
layout: post
title: Week Ending June 2, 2019
date: 2019-06-06 00:00:00 -0000
slug: 2019-06-02-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline: Docs Last Call, June 10th**

## Featured PRs

### [#73447: Document how to build and deploy the sample-apiserver](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/73447)

Leading off with a documentation update! `sample-apiserver` is a small project which shows how to create a standalone API service, usually to use with kube-apiserver's aggregation proxy mode. While Kubebuilder (and apiserver-builder) have mostly replaced it for practical uses, this project is still a great place to tinker with API concepts and learn the nuts and bolts of how an API server is put together. The new docs show how to compile things and how to deploy out to a cluster. If you're interested in API internals, check it out.

### [#78262: Add Service Load Balancer finalizer support](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/78262)

While external load balancers have always been cleaned up eventually, it has previously been an asynchronous process. This PR uses the finalizer system to block the deletion of the Service object itself until the external resources are torn down fully. This both makes testing easier, it helps improve the behavior of any tools built around LoadBalancer services to more accurately report their state.

### [#77762: Adds staging directory for kubectl code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/77762)

Long awaited but finally here, `kubectl` is getting its own staging repo: kubernetes/kubectl aka `k8s.io/kubectl`. For Kubectl plugins which need to pull in some of its utilities, this should help reduce the final executable size as well as streamline dependency management.

### [#74614: add non-preempting option to PriorityClasses](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/74614)

And finally a nice, advanced scheduling feature. This adds a `preemptionPolicy` field to both Pods and PriorityClasses which can be set to `Never` to ensure that no matter what other priorities are in use, the pod will never get preempted. Use with caution, but for services that really can't be disrupted no matter what, this is a nice knob to have.

## Other Merges

## Deprecated

## Version Updates
