---
layout: post
title: Week Ending Month DD, YYYY
date: 2018-02-27 08:00:00 -0000
slug: 2018-07-29-update
---

## Community Meeting Summary


## Release Schedule


## Featured PRs

### [#72970: apiserver: sync with http server shutdown to flush existing connections](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/72970)

Small in description but big in impact, this PR fixes a lingering bug where a clean shutdown of apiserver could drop in-progress connections. This could lead to unexpected behavior around "downtimeless" control plane upgrades. But no longer!

### [#70472: [*-controller-manager]get rid of copied fields in the options and using componentconfig fields](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/70472)

This helps to de-duplicate and de-boilerplate code in the two controller-manager trees. Previously a lot of controllers had both `FooOptions` and `FooConfiguration` structs, which were nearly identical. Less repeated code means less to maintain, a win for everyone.

### [#72534: kubelet: promote OS & arch labels to GA](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/72534)

The `beta.kubernetes.io/os` and `beta.kubernetes.io/arch` node labels have been promoted to `kubernetes.io/os` and `kubernetes.io/arch` respectively. The beta forms will be supported until at least 1.17. These labels can used with scheduling constraints to ensure pods run only on the appropriate hosts in heterogeneous clusters which include Windows nodes or fancy CPU types.

### [test-infra#10760: Switch test-infra to use go modules](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/pull/10760)

Go modules are a tantalizing future free of `dep`, but that future is here for test-infra. Porting over `k/k` is probably a (very) long ways off, so this is unlikely to matter to contributors who's sole focus is over there. But at least we will have more operational experience working with modules when that time comes. For day to day usage in test-infra, there should be no direct changes, as everything is still automated through Bazel.

### [community#2843: Contributor Experience Charter](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/pull/2843)

A long time coming, the Contributor Experience SIG has an updated and revamped charter to better describe the teams role and scope in the community. If you've ever had questions about who ContribEx is or what they do, check it out.

## Other Merges

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Other Repositories

*

## Contributor Tip of the Week
