---
layout: post
title: Week Ending March 3, 2019
date: 2019-03-05 18:00:00 -0000
slug: 2019-03-03-update
---

## Developer News


## Steering Committee Meeting


## Release Schedule


## Featured PRs

### [#74422: Remove deprecated versionless client interface methods](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/74422)

For a long time client-go has offered unversioned clients like `clientset.Apps()` and `clientset.Core()`. They were always risky to use as they would simply default to the latest version of the relevant API, meaning if you upgraded your libraries it could silently break compatibility. Versioned interfaces like `clientset.AppsV1()` solve this, and have been recommended since they were added. Out with the old and in with the new, the unsafe, unversioned interfaces have now been removed. If you've been putting off that particular code cleanup, now is the time.

### [#73807: harden the default RBAC discovery clusterrolebindings](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/73807)

Previously any user, including unauthenticated connections, were allowed access to the discovery and access review APIs. This would allow anyone to run tools like `kubectl auth can-i` even without credentials. Given the relatively minimal benefits of this, moving forward these permissions will not be included by default in new clusters. It is recommended that existing clusters be hardened by removing `system:unauthenticated` from the `system:discovery` and `system:basic-user` cluster role bindings.

### [#67573: Allows to combine the `-f` and `-l` flags in kubectl logs](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/67573)

Rejoice multi-tailers, kubectl logs will now be able to natively follow logs from multiple pods using `-l` to provide a label selector and `-f` to enable follow mode. There's been lots of great tools to provide this feature over the years but it's good to get a version of it included by default to improve the out of box experience.

Example:

```
kubectl logs -l app=logging_test --all-containers -f
```

### [#74140: add -k flag in cli-runtime and kubectl to process kustomization directories](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/74140)

A follow up to [#73033](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/73033) from a few weeks ago, several kubectl commands now support direct Kustomize integration. Rather than `kubectl kustomize build . | kubectl apply -f -`, you can do `kubectl apply -k .`. As mentioned last time, this is a great step towards having workflow tools available out of the box.

## Other Merges

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*
