---
layout: post
title: Week Ending August 4, 2019
date: 2019-08-05 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2019-08-04-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs

### [#80231: Promote admissionreview to v1](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/80231)

Big congrats to SIG-ApiMachinery and all the other groups that have worked on getting the admission webhook system to GA status! There have been no schema changes as part of the promotion, but all parts of the system will now accept `v1` objects and data. If sending back a `v1` response, there is some tighter response validation compared to previously, so check the PR before upgrading your code.

### [#80383: Add NormalizeScore extension point for scheduler framework.](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/80383)

This PR implements another extension point in the default scheduler to allow for plugins to change the final scores just before ranking. This is generally used for things like dynamic min or max scores, or other global-ish value modifications. This joins other scheduler extension points like "prebind", "reserve", and ["post-filter"](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/78097) to tweak the scheduling process for large or complex clusters.

### [#80750: apiextensions: check request scope against CRD scope correctly](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/80750)

A fix for CVE-2019-11247, previously it was possible to access a cluster-scope resource through a namespace, assuming the user had permissions at the namespace level. This could allow unexpected access if the user had valid permissions in the namespace, but not in a ClusterRoleBinding as would generally be expected for cluster-scope resources. This fix has been cherry-picked and released as v1.13.9, v1.14.5, and v1.15.2. Upgrading is recommended for all users.

## Other Merges

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Other Repositories

*
