---
layout: post
title: Week Ending September 1, 2019
date: 2019-09-03 19:00:00 -0000
slug: 2019-09-01-update
---

## Developer News


## Meeting Summary


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs

### [#77807: Add startupProbe to health checks](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/77807)

This PR implements the [slow startup KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-node/20190221-livenessprobe-holdoff.md), adding a new health check probe specifically for just the startup phase of containers. This is intended to allow for setting a different liveness probe timeout (or totally different check) to be used only during startup. If you have a container that takes a lot of time to initialize, this can help improve stability.

### [#77354: Use CRD validation field in server-side apply](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/77354)

Server-side apply moves the logic about merging the desired and current states of an object from `kubectl` to `apiserver`. Part of this has been an effort to improve that merge behavior when there is more than one applier that wants to own certain fields in an object. This PR improves the merge logic by using the new structural schema validation data to tell when a field should have special keyed-array-like behavior or other similar common cases in our APIs.

### [#81048: EndpointSlice Controller](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/81048)

The next phase of implementing the new endpoint management API, EndpointSlices now have a controller. The overall idea of EndpointSlices is to split up large Endpoint objects (i.e. those with a ton of Target pods) into multiple Endpoints referenced from an EndpointSlice. This two-layer API substantially multiplies the maximum number of targets for a single service without blowing up Etcd performance. The controller is still just one piece of the puzzle, but an important step forward.


## Other Merges

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Other Repositories

*
