---
layout: post
title: Week Ending Month DD, 2020
date: 2020-06-08 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2020-06-07-update
---

## Developer News


The Infrastructure working group is getting ready to retry the swap of the `k8s.gcr.io` facade name to point at the community-managed `gcr.io/k8s-artifacts-prod` project. This was tried once before in April, however some internal issues within Google forced a rollback. The plan is to run the swap again on June 22nd, after the next round of patch releases. No user-visible impact is expected, but if anything is missed please contact the `#wg-k8s-infra` Slack channel or the [wg-k8s-infra mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#%21forum/kubernetes-wg-k8s-infra).

## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs

### [#91685: CertificateSigningRequest v1 API](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/91685)

The CSR API saw two big updates this week. First the final [v1beta1 features](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/90191) were completed, adding better error signaling and general status management improvements. Then the v1 version was added with some backwards-incompatible improvements. The main user-facing changes are that `signerName` and `usages` are both required in v1 and better validated. V1 also solidifies a lot of status management improvements into the schema itself. Together these lay a great foundation for the future of the CSR API.

### [#91883: Remove ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction feature gate in the scheduler](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/91883)

A long-time alpha feature, ResourceLimitsPriorityFunction never really found a champion to push towards GA and so has been removed. If this was somehow critical to your scheduler plans, consider writing a plugin or extender instead.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*
