---
layout: post
title: Week Ending March 14, 2021
date: 2021-03-17 06:00:00 -0000
slug: 2021-03-14-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs

### Structured Logging for Kubelet

Rather than list the large (and awesome) number of PRs over the past few weeks upgrading the Kubelet from old-school printf-style logging to the new structured syntax, we are going to feature them all together as a group. The overall goal of moving to structured logging is to make the related information on each log line be more accessible to the logging system and its formatters. For the simple text-based format, this ends up looking fairly similar in the end, but now we can output directly to JSON which allows for advanced querying in many log data platforms.

An example of converting an unstructured to structured log:

```diff
- klog.Errorf("Startup probe already exists! %v - %v",
-    format.Pod(pod), c.Name)
+ klog.ErrorS(nil, "Startup probe already exists for container",
+     "pod", klog.KObj(pod), "containerName", c.Name)
```

While the Kubelet was a particular focus for 1.21, the overall goal is to move all logging to the structured format over the next few releases.

### [#98946: Upgrade kustomize-in-kubectl to v4.0.5](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/98946)

An upgrade that has been a long time in the works, the vendored copy of Kustomize is jumping all the way from v2.0.3 to v4.0.5. This applies to both the `kubectl kustomize` command as well as the various `kubectl -k` options on other commands. While the new version brings many improvements, it's also jumping across two major revisions which did include backwards-incompatible changes. If you make heavy use of the built-in Kustomize, you may want to either test with a newer standalone Kustomize before upgrading or set up Kustomize v2.0.3 on its own and switch to using that now so as to smooth out your upgrade process.

### [#96968: Add default namespace labels to all namespaces for selectors](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/96968)

Namespace selectors are used across many Kubernetes types, both in-tree and community operators. A long-running frustration has been that the second-most common "selector" (after "all namespaces") is "only namespace X". Previously this usually resulted in a quick manual update of the namespace labels with `name: whatever`. Now this will be handled automatically for all namespace objects with a `kubernetes.io/metadata.name` label.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*
