---
layout: post
title: Week Ending November 26, 2023
date: 2023-11-28 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2023-11-26-update
---

## Developer News

It's December soon, which means it's time for the [Cloud Native Security Slam Kubernetes Lightning Round](https://community.cncf.io/cloud-native-security-slam/).  Sign up, and then join this December 9th to [help improve Kubernetes code security](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/dev/c/SbSrJckE1iI).

Karpenter, which is a Kubernetes Node Lifecycle Management Solution built for flexibility, performance, and simplicity is [joining #sig-autoscaling](https://github.com/kubernetes/org/issues/4562) as a subproject and moving to `kubernetes-sigs` GitHub org.

SIG-Security has [started a discussion](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a_3aMKexfhZwnbzmZZy0dhbQX7L_c8Cr2HSDKchLU7o/edit#heading=h.3xduq4wgcoc5) about managing vulnerability data.

## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline: RC1 released, November 28**

We are in the last countdown to the release of Kubernetes 1.29 on 5th of December; test grid looks [mostly OK](https://testgrid.k8s.io/sig-release-1.29-blocking). Respond rapidly to any test failures and try out running the RC in your test environment so we can catch any last-minute, showstopper usability issues. Any known issues should be added to the [Known Issues umbrella issue here](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/121886) for the Release Notes team to pick them up and make sure they are a part of the final release notes.

Patch releases for all supported versions should be out this week. They will include Yet Another GoLang Update.

## KEP of the Week

### [KEP 3668: Reserve nodeport ranges for dynamic and static allocation](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-network/3668-reserved-service-nodeport-range)

Nodeport services allows using ports on every node to allow out-of-cluster clients to talk to services inside the cluster. This KEP proposes reserving ranges of ports for NodePort services for dynamic and static allocation. The port number for a NodePort service can be assigned in two ways, either dynamically (port will be assigned randomly by Kuberentes from the specified range) or statically (port selected by user from the specified range). Currently, before creating a NodePort service with a static port, there is no way to determine if a port number is already taken by any other NodePort service created with dynamic allocation. This KEP proposes a method to allow creation of NodePort services with static port with less chance of port conflict.

This KEP builds on top of [KEP 3070: Reserve Service IP Ranges For Dynamic and Static IP Allocation](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-network/3070-reserved-service-ip-range/README.md#proposed-services-clusterips-allocation-model) and proposes a similar solution by splitting the NodePort range into static and dynamic bands. Dynamic port allocation will use the upper band, and only once this is exhausted would it start using the lower band. This will allow the user to define static port allocation in the lower band with lesser risk of collision. 

This KEP was first released in v1.27 and is currently tracked for stable in the upcoming v1.29 release.