---
layout: post
title: Week Ending September 3, 2023
date: 2023-09-05 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2023-09-03-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:** Production Readiness Review Freeze, 28th September

We are now officially in the 1.29 cycle, and Release Lead [Priyanka Saggu](https://github.com/Priyankasaggu11929) has a “[sneak peek](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/dev/c/TDwmYLxzzL8)” for you. That also means that the Enhancements deadlines are coming soon (PRR: 28 September, Enhancements: 6 October )

The entire tentative schedule for the 1.29 release can now be found at [GitHub - Kubernetes SIG Release](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/tree/master/releases/release-1.29).

Weekly meetings for the 1.29 release will start from Wednesday, September 6, 2023. You can find details, meeting links, and agendas [here](https://bit.ly/k8s-release-cal).

The v1.29 release cycle has begun and we are now actively collecting enhancements. Check the Call for Enhancements [Here](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/dev/c/MZcoJX6rrm4/m/7JsPvXtcAwAJ).
Short Version: decide what you’ll finish for 1.29 in the next 3 weeks.

## Featured PRs


## KEP of the Week

[KEP-4009: Add CDI devices to device plugin API](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/4009-add-cdi-devices-to-device-plugin-api)

This KEP proposes **extending** the **Device Plugin API** in Kubernetes to include a field for specifying **Container Device Interface (CDI) device IDs** in the `AllocateResponse`. This addition allows device plugin implementations to **uniquely specify devices** using their fully-qualified CDI device names, simplifying the process of **injecting devices** into containers. 

The motivation behind this change is to align Kubernetes with the **CDI standard**, which provides a standardized way for device vendors to describe resource requirements and access to specific devices. The CDI device IDs are included in the response from the device plugin and forwarded to the **CRI runtimes** for container execution. 

This KEP outlines the design details, test plan, graduation criteria, and production readiness review for this enhancement, with a focus on ensuring compatibility and minimal impact on existing components. The goal is to enable device plugin authors to leverage CDI for device injection without necessitating a shift to **Dynamic Resource Allocation** (DRA) based implementations. 

In essence, this enhancement contributes to improving the management of devices in containerized environments within Kubernetes. 

This KEP was created by [Evan Lezar](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/118254) and received the `alpha` milestone in `v1.28`.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*
