---
layout: post
title: Week Ending August 27, 2023
date: 2023-08-29 16:00:00 -0000
slug: 2023-08-27-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs


## KEP of the Week

[KEP-4006: Transition from SPDY to WebSockets](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-api-machinery/4006-transition-spdy-to-websockets)

Currently the communication involving bi-directional streaming between Kubernetes clients and the API server is done through SPDY/3.1 protocol. These include several `kubectl` commands like `kubectl exec`, `kubectl cp` (built on top of `kubectl exec` primitives), `kubectl port-forward` and `kubectl attach`. This KEP transitions the bi-directional communication protocol used from SPDY to WebSockets. The transition from SPDY to  WebSockets is ideal since SPDY was deprecated in 2015. WebSockets on the other hand is a standardized protocol and provides compatibility with software and programming languages. 

As of now, the bidirectional streaming is initiated from the Kubernetes clients, proxied by the API server and kubelet, and terminated in the container runtime. This KEP proposes to modify `kubectl` to request a WebSocket connection, and to modify the API server proxy to translate the `kubectl` WebSocket data stream into to a SPDY upstream connection. This way everything upstream the API server need not be changed in the initial implementation. This KEP is in alpha in v1.28.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

* [cloud-provider-azure](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-azure) adds [node non-graceful shutdown feature](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-azure/pull/4508) by adding `node.kubernetes.io/out-of-service` taint when nodes are shutdown so that the pods can be forcefully deleted.
* [aws-ebs-csi-driver](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver) adds [opentelemetry tracing of gRPC calls](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver/pull/1714). The feature is currently opt-in, hidden behind a feature flag.
