---
layout: post
title: Week Ending Month DD, 2023
date: 2023-01-22 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2023-01-20-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs

### [#114923: Adjust preemption event message to do not include preemptor pod metadata](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/114923)

Adminstrator debugging and cluster security are always slightly at odds. Making information available more easily, the identity of who caused a given pod to be preempted in this case, speeds up development cycles and aids admins in tracking down unusual or rare errors. But at the same time, it can leak data where we don't expect it. This PR (and a few [follow ups](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/114914)) are a great reminder to always keep the namespace boundaries in mind. For many of us, using namespaces for single applications or maybe development teams this presented no problem, the information about what else is running in the cluster isn't sensitive. However some teams use namespaces for more in-depth tenant isolation and that use case must always be respected.

### [#114393: Option to ignore existing pods' preferred inter-pod affinities if the incoming pod has no preferred inter-pod affinities](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/114393)

A, for lack of a better word, cheeky performance improvement. The scheduler team noticed that in almost all cases, inter-pod affinities are set up in reciprocal pairs. A likes B and B likes A. So this allows for a shortcut, if a new pod being scheduled has no inter-pod affinities on it then we can skip the somewhat time-consuming step of checking every existing pod for matching stuff on that side. This is behind a `ignorePreferredTermsOfExistingPods: true` configuration argument as there's no rule that affinities need to be paired like that, but if you are in the majority who uses them that way, this PR could give you a nice scheduler performance boost for free!


## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*
