---
layout: post
title: Week Ending September 1, 2024
date: 2024-09-02 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2024-09-01-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline: 1.32 cycle begins, September 9**

Last Chance to Apply for Shadow Applications!

The window for [shadow applications for the v1.32 release team](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdb60FW9aYIepSdXIWexQIKNJ8m3JSqHZ6kkH3Q_I7XP9OVYA/viewform) is closing this week! If you're interested in gaining valuable experience and contributing to our upcoming release, now is the time to act.

Application Deadline: September 6, 2024
Tentative Release Cycle: September 9, 2024 - December 11, 2024

## Featured PRs


## KEP of the Week

### [KEP 4569: Move cgroup v1 support into maintenance mode](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-node/4569-cgroup-v1-maintenance-mode/README.md)

This (KEP) aims to move `cgroup` v1 support in Kubernetes to maintenance mode, aligning with the industry's transition to `cgroup` v2 as the default for Linux kernel resource management. With `cgroup` v2 offering better functionality, consistency, and scalability, and major Linux distributions and projects like `systemd` phasing out `cgroup` v1, Kubernetes must adapt to maintain compatibility and leverage these improvements. This shift reflects the broader ecosystem's move away from `cgroup` v1, making it necessary for Kubernetes to follow suit. Removing cgroup v1 support. Deprecation and removal will be addressed in a future KEP.

This KEP is tracked for stable release in v1.31.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*
