---
layout: post
title: Week Ending August 25, 2024
date: 2024-08-27 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2024-08-25-update
---

## Developer News

The [Kubernetes 2024 Steering Committee Election](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/dev/c/WThJNACcPAg) is underway, and your vote matters! A number of well-known community members are running for the three available seats on the Steering Committee this year. Now is the time to select who will represent you and make key administrative decisions for our project.

## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline: 1.32 cycle begins, September 9**

We’re in the period between releases. Shadow applications for the [v1.32 release team](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdb60FW9aYIepSdXIWexQIKNJ8m3JSqHZ6kkH3Q_I7XP9OVYA/viewform) are open until September 06. The tentative dates for the v1.32 cycle are from September 9th to December 11th, 2024.

## Featured PRs

### [#126745: Improve PVC protection controller's scalability by batch-processing PVCs by namespace & caching live pod list results [fixed dead loop issue with idle work queue]](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/126745)

This PR significantly enhances the scalability of the PVC Protection Controller by implementing batch processing of PVCs by namespace and caching live pod list results. It resolves a critical dead loop issue in the idle work queue and addresses performance bottlenecks in large clusters by reducing the number of API calls required for PVC deletion. As a result, the kube-controller-manager's CPU usage is optimized, ensuring more efficient and reliable operation, especially in environments with high pod and PVC churn.

## KEP of the Week


## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*
