---
layout: post
title: Week Ending Month DD, 2024
date: 2024-01-22 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2024-01-20-update
---

## Developer News

Kubernetes Contributor Summit EU is next week tuesday. Make sure to [register](https://www.kubernetes.dev/events/2024/kcseu/registration/) if you are attending KubeCon EU in Paris.
If you want to bring a family member to social send an email to [summit-team@kubernetes.io](mailto:summit-team@kubernetes.io)

Take a peek at the upcoming Kubernetes v1.30 Release in this [Blog](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2024/03/12/kubernetes-1-30-upcoming-changes/).

## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PR

### [#123516: DRA: structured parameters](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/123516)

DRA, or Dynamic Resource Allocation, is a way to bridge new types of schedulable resources into Kubernetes. A common example of this is GPU accelerator cards but the system is built as generically as possible. Maybe you want to schedule based on cooling capacity, or cash register hardware, or nearby interns, it's up to you. DRA launched as an alpha feature back in 1.26 but came with some hard limitations. Notably the bespoke logic for simulating scale ups and scale downs in cluster-autoscaler had no way to understand how those would interact with these opaque resources. This PR pulls back the veil a tiny bit, keeping things generic but allowing more forms of structured interaction so core tools like the scheduler and autoscalers can understand dynamic resources.

This happens from a few directions. First, on the node itself a DRA driver plugin provides information about what is available locally, which the kubelet publishes as a `NodeResourceSlice` object. In parallel, an operator component from the DRA implementation creates `ResourceClaimParameters` as needed to describe a particular resource claim. The claim parameters include CEL selector expressions for each piece of the claim, allowing anything which can evaluate CEL to check them independently of the DRA plugin. These two new objects combine with the existing `ResourceClaim` object to allow bidirectional communication between Kubernetes components and the DRA plugin without either side needing to wait for the other in most operations.

While this does increase the implementation complexity of a new DRA provider, it also dramatically expands their capabilities. New resources can be managed with effectively zero overhead and without the even greater complexity of custom schedulers or a plugin-driven autoscaler.

## KEP of the Week

### [KEP-647: APIServer Tracing](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/647-apiserver-tracing)

This KEP proposes to update the kube-apiserver to allow tracing requests. This is proposed to be done with OpenTelemetry libraries and the data will be exported in the OpenTelemetry format. The kube-apiserver currently uses [kubernetes/utils/trace](https://github.com/kubernetes/utils/tree/master/trace) for tracing, but we can make use of distributed tracing to improve ease of use and to make analysis of the data easier. The proposed implementation involves wrapping the API Server's http server and http clients with [otelhttp](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib/tree/main/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp).

This KEP is tracked to graduate to stable in the upcoming v1.30 release.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

* [gRPC to v1.62.1](https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go/releases/tag/v1.62.1) fix a bug that results in no matching virtual host found RPC errors
* [cloud-provider-openstack to v1.28.2](https://github.com/kubernetes/cloud-provider-openstack/releases/tag/v1.28.2) Implement imagePullSecret support for release 1.28
