---
layout: post
title: Week Ending December 15, 2024
date: 2024-12-16 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2024-12-15-update
---

## Developer News

This will be the last LWKD issue of the year.  Publication will resume in 2025 with the January 5th edition.

Submissions for [the maintainer summit](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-europe/features-add-ons/maintainer-summit/#call-for-proposals) at Kubecon London are due January 12th.  The CfP for the main tracks in [Kubecon China](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-china/program/call-for-proposal/), [Kubecon India](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-india/program/cfp/), and [Kubecon Japan](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-japan/program/cfp/) are now open.

## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline: 1.33 Cycle Begins, January ??**

The 1.33 development cycle will begin in early January, but a specific schedule has not been set.

## Featured PRs

### [128718 FG:InPlacePodVerticalScaling- Enable resizing containers without limits](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/128718)

This PR fixes critical bugs in the pod resize code, specifically addressing cases where containers lack resource limits.
It ensures proper handling of these scenarios, enabling in-place vertical scaling for such containers. Also,
the PR enhances test coverage to prevent regressions, marking a step forward for reliable container resizing in Kubernetes.

## KEP of the Week
### [KEP-3221: Structured Authorization Configuration](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/issues/3221)

Currently, kube-apiserver configures its authorization chain using `--authorization-*` flags, limiting admins to a single webhook via `--authorization-modes`. This restricts creating ordered authorization chains with multiple webhooks. This proposal suggests a structured configuration for defining the authorization chain, supporting multiple webhooks with fine-grained controls, including an explicit Deny authorizer.

This KEP is tracked for alpha release in the ongoing v1.32 cycle.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*

## Shoutouts

* Big 1.32 Shoutout from Federico Muñoz: With Kubernetes v1.32 out, I want to acknowledge those that made it possible: my Release Lead shadows @Nina Polshakova @Sreeram Venkitesh @Mohammad Reza Saleh @Vyom Yadav, Enhancements Lead @tjons and shadows @Jenny Shu @Sepideh @Dipesh, Release Signal lead @Drew Hagen, and shadows @Amim Knabben @ChengHao Yang (tico88612) @Wendy Ha @sbaumer, Docs lead @dchan, and shadows @anshuman @Rod @James Spurin @Shedrack Akintayo @Michelle Nguyen, Release Notes lead @satyampsoni, and shadows @Augustin Tsang @jefftrojan @Lavish Pal @Melony Q. (aka.cloudmelon ) @rayandas @Sneha, Comms lead @Matteo, and shadows @Edith @Rashan @Ryota @Will-I-Am, Release Managers @jimangel and @Mickey and our EA @Kat Cosgrove (plus @Grace Nguyen from SIG Release). The success of this is much more the result of all your tireless work than anything else.
