---
layout: post
title: Week Ending December 7, 2025
date: 2025-12-09 15:48:58 -0000
slug: 2025-12-07-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:** Release day, 17 December

We are in the final week before releasing 1.35. Make sure to respond quickly to any blocker issues or test failures your SIG is tagged on. 

Kubernetes [v1.35.0-rc.1](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.35.md) has been built and pushed using Golang version 1.25.5.
Patch releases [1.33.7](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.33.md), [1.34.3](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.34.md) were published this week, built with Golang version 1.24.11 and release of v1.32.11 has been delayed.


## Featured PRs


## KEP of the Week


## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*

## Shoutouts

* Urvashi:
Hey team,
Just wanted to give a big shout-out to Doc Team! We successfully tracked all 60 KEPs for the release — truly awesome work!
This definitely wouldn’t have been possible without each one of you  @yudocaa @kernel-kun @Khang Nguyen @anshuman @Orlix  thank you for consistently showing up, collaborating, and keeping everything on track.
A special mention to @Dipesh, who has been our guiding star throughout the cycle always there with quick suggestions, new approaches, and calm leadership. Huge thanks to you Dipesh!!
And huge thanks to @Drew Hagen and @Kat Cosgrove as well for stepping in at the right moments, nudging (and sometimes gently pushing) the KEP owners so we didn’t miss any critical deadlines. That really helped us keep everything on schedule.
Overall, feeling super proud of us all! 
