---
layout: post
title: Week Ending October 5, 2025
date: 2025-10-09 10:10:45 -0000
slug: 2025-10-05-update
---

## Developer News

[Node Feature Discovery (NFD) v0.18](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery/releases/tag/v0.18.0) was released and introduced major improvements to image compatibility, scalability, and Helm chart management. The Helm chart has moved to the OCI registry (registry.k8s.io/nfd/charts/node-feature-discovery), and users should migrate from the legacy repository. The release also added new comparison operators, version-aware matching, hardware detection enhancements, and replaced gRPC health checks with an HTTP `/healthz` endpoint.

Feature gate dependencies can be explicitly declared and enforced with [PR #133697](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/133697), which had earlier been ad-hoc or implicit. Components will now refuse to start if a feature is enabled without its required dependencies. Feature Owners should review [the backfilled dependencies](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/133912), while users who manually toggle feature gates must ensure dependent features are also enabled—especially noting that `AllAlpha=true` now requires `AllBeta=true` or equivalent beta features to be set.

## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline: PRR Freeze, October 9**


## Steering Committee Election

The [Steering Committee](https://github.com/kubernetes/steering) [Election](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/elections/steering/2025#voting-process) voting ends on [Friday, 24th October, AoE](https://dateful.com/convert/anywhere-on-earth-aoe?t=1159pm&d=2025-10-24). You can check your eligibility to vote [in the voting app](https://elections.k8s.io/app/elections/steering---2025), and file an exception request by October 22 if you need an exception. Don't forget to cast your votes if you haven't already!

## Featured PRs


## KEP of the Week


## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*

## Shoutouts

* Drew Hagen -- I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge @Matteo for the seriously impressive leadership of a newer release branch management shadow program for the 1.34 release, and all the amazing work putting together strong documentation for branch management!!
  I remember my experience releasing alpha 3 being very clear what to do and going really smooth. Very little tribal knowledge. And we did most releases async, which I think speaks to how strong this handbook is. I thank you for still being around to observe and help, even if it meant some later nights in your time zone.
  @xmudrii @jimangel Great work! Y'all have set the foundation for many more cycles to come. Thank you for all of your patience, guidance and support. 
  It was really great learning and working with you all @Angelos Kolaitis @satyampsoni
 
