---
layout: post
title: Week Ending June 1, 2025
date: 2025-06-02 16:49:23 -0000
slug: 2025-06-01-update
---

## Developer News
The Kubernetes Python client releases [version 32.0.0 Alpha](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/python/releases/tag/v33.1.0a1) and [version 33.1.0 Beta](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/python/releases/tag/v33.1.0b1). 

Following the previous release cycle's discussion, the Enhancements subteam issues a reminder about tracking changes. Contributors must opt in for tracking if their KEP includes user-facing changes or behavior affecting improvements, even if the KEP doesn't graduate to a new stage. Pure refactors, non-behavioural improvements, and bug fixes do not require tracking by the Release Team.

## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline: PRR Freeze, June 12th**

This is the last week-and-a-half before those KEPs need to be ready for [production readiness review](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/releases/release_phases.md#prr-freeze) with all the PRR questions answered.

Cherry-picks for the June Patch Releases are due on June 6.

## Featured PRs


## KEP of the Week

[KEP-3331: Structured Authentication Config](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/3331-structured-authentication-configuration)

This KEP introduces the capability to add structured authentication configuration to the Kubernetes API server, using a new API Object called `AuthenticationConfiguration`. It supports a JWT token, which serves as the next stage for the OIDC authenticator. Previously, authentication for the API server was performed using command-line flags, which were difficult to manage, validate, and lacked consistency. The KEP implements the Kubernetes API schema for validation and provides a standardized, extensible format, improving configuration clarity.

This KEP is tracked as stable in v1.34.



## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*

## Shoutouts

*
