---
layout: post
title: Week Ending January 25, 2026
date: 2026-01-28 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2026-01-25-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs

* [136450: DRA: support non-pod references in ReservedFor](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/136450)

This PR improves the robustness of the Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) controller by allowing it to gracefully handle non-pod references in `ResourceClaim.status.reservedFor`. Instead of failing and halting cleanup when encountering unknown references, the controller now skips them while continuing to clean up stale pod references. This prevents unnecessary controller failures and ensures more reliable resource lifecycle management.

* [136389: Promote KEP-5311 (Relaxed validation for Services names) to Beta](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/136389)

This PR promotes the *RelaxedServiceNameValidation* feature to Beta and enables it by default. Service names are now validated using `NameIsDNSLabel()`, relaxing the previous stricter rules. This makes Service naming more flexible while maintaining DNS compatibility, improving usability without compromising correctness.

## KEP of the Week

[KEP-127: Support User Namespaces](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-node/127-user-namespaces/README.md#kep-127-support-user-namespaces)

This KEP introduces support for Linux user namespaces in Kubernetes to improve container security. It allows processes to run as root inside pods while mapping to unprivileged users on the host, reducing the impact of container escapes. This isolation mitigates multiple high-severity vulnerabilities, including CVE-2019-5736 (runc overwrite) and other critical container escape and privilege escalation issues. Overall, user namespaces strengthen Kubernetes’ security model against both known and future threats.

This KEP graduated to beta in v1.35.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

* [RelaxedServiceNameValidation](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/136389) to Beta

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*

## Shoutouts

* jberkus : Kudos to @Swathi Rao for doing a great job organizing comms to publicize the NCO.
