---
layout: post
title: Week Ending March 1, 2026
date: 2026-03-04 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2026-03-01-update
---

## Developer News
KubeCon Japan Regular CFP is open until 29 March 2026. Submit your proposal [here](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-japan/program/cfp/).

Don't forget to register for Maintainer Summit EU 2026, Register here: https://register.linuxfoundation.org/kccnc-eu-maintainer-summit-2026 and view the schedule at https://maintainersummiteu2026.sched.com

## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs


## KEP of the Week

[KEP-5004: DRA: Handle extended resource requests via DRA Driver](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-scheduling/5004-dra-extended-resource)

Extended resources offer a simple and concise way to represent resource capacity and consumption, whereas Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) provides greater flexibility and expressiveness at the cost of added complexity. This KEP proposes a mechanism for cluster administrators to advertise dynamic resources defined in ResourceSlice as extended resources through DeviceClass. It allows application developers and operators to continue requesting resources using the familiar extended resource model. At the same time, it supports dynamic allocation for requests made via either extended resources or DRA resource claims. The proposal ensures that existing applications can run without modification. It also enables both application teams and cluster administrators to adopt DRA gradually, including scenarios where device plugins and DRA drivers coexist on different nodes for the same hardware.

This KEP graduated to alpha in v1.35.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*

## Shoutouts

*
