---
layout: post
title: Week Ending May 3, 2026
date: 2026-05-07 22:00:00 -0000
slug: 2026-05-03-update
---

## Developer News


## Release Schedule

**Next Deadline:**


## Featured PRs


## KEP of the Week

[KEP-5710: Workload-aware preemption](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-scheduling/5710-workload-aware-preemption/README.md)

This KEP proposes enhancing the Kubernetes scheduler with workload-aware preemption, shifting from a pod-centric to a workload-centric approach. Building on KEP-4671’s Workload and PodGroup APIs, it introduces concepts like pod group priority and defining preemption units at the workload level, starting with a simple implementation based on existing pod preemption. The motivation stems from tightly coupled workloads such as AI training and multihost inference that depend on continuous coordination across multiple pods, where disruption of even a single pod halts overall progress. Current preemption mechanisms fail to account for this, especially in resource constrained environments where prioritization and efficient hardware utilization are critical. By standardizing workload-aware preemption within core Kubernetes, this proposal aims to better support such workloads, improve resource utilization, and enable deeper integration with other features like autoscaling and disruption management.

This KEP is currently in Alpha stage for Kubernetes v1.36.

## Other Merges

*

## Promotions

*

## Deprecated

*

## Version Updates

*

## Subprojects and Dependency Updates

*

## Shoutouts

* Sayan Chowdhury: As I complete the final off-boarding steps for the v1.36 release, I would like to thank the whole team that was part of this journey with me to handle the Docs for the v1.36 release -- I could not have asked for a more knowledgeable and brilliant team. We handled close to 70 KEPs this cycle and it was no easy feat. The team relentlessly made sure that we closed each deadline without any trouble and kept the release timeline on track -- from making sure the dev-1.36 branch is synced, to the utmost care and eye for detail in the release notes PR creation and review. The team also made sure that everyone works collaboratively and no one ever falls behind and helping each other during followups and reminders phases.
I'm absolutely happy to have been part of this team and to work among such amazing team members -- a big hurrah to the v1.36 release, and thank you again @anshuman @Émile Savard @kernel-kun @Saurabh.
