# Latest Releases for 2024-06-17  
## containernetworking/cni  
### Release notes for CNI Spec v1.1 / libcni v1.2.1  
#### 2024-06-17  
This is a minor release that fixes some small bugs:

### Improvements
- ([#1098](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/pull/1098)). SPEC: add warning about preserving shared resources for GC
- ([#1090](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/pull/1090)). Spec, libcni: add disableGC flag   This allows administrators to disable garbage collection in exceptional circumstances, such as multiple runtimes sharing a network configuration.

### Bug fixes:
- ([#1097](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/pull/1097)). Fix faulty json.Marshal behavior for embeds types.NetConf   Fix #1096
- ([#1095](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/pull/1095)). libcni: always delete the cache on conflist for CNI DEL   This aligns the call with `DelNetwork`, and allows CRIO tests to bump


  
## kubernetes-csi/csi-driver-host-path  
### Release notes for v1.14.0  
#### 2024-06-18  
# Container
`docker pull registry.k8s.io/sig-storage/hostpathplugin:v1.14.0`

# Full Changelog
https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/csi-driver-host-path/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.14.md  
## prometheus/prometheus  
### Release notes for 2.45.6 / 2024-06-21  
#### 2024-06-21  
This release contains security fixes in dependencies and has been built with go1.21.11. #14309.
  
### Release notes for 2.53.0 / 2024-06-16  
#### 2024-06-19  
This release changes the default for GOGC, the Go runtime control for the trade-off between excess memory use and CPU usage. We have found that Prometheus operates with minimal additional CPU usage, but greatly reduced memory by adjusting the upstream Go default from 100 to 75.

* [CHANGE] Rules: Execute 1 query instead of N (where N is the number of alerts within alert rule) when restoring alerts. #13980 #14048
* [CHANGE] Runtime: Change GOGC threshold from 100 to 75 #14176 #14285
* [FEATURE] Rules: Add new option `query_offset` for each rule group via rule group configuration file and `rule_query_offset` as part of the global configuration to have more resilience for remote write delays. #14061 #14216 #14273
* [ENHANCEMENT] Rules: Add `rule_group_last_restore_duration_seconds` metric to measure the time it takes to restore a rule group. #13974
* [ENHANCEMENT] OTLP: Improve remote write format translation performance by using label set hashes for metric identifiers instead of string based ones. #14006 #13991
* [ENHANCEMENT] TSDB: Optimize querying with regexp matchers. #13620
* [BUGFIX] OTLP: Don't generate target_info unless there are metrics and at least one identifying label is defined. #13991
* [BUGFIX] Scrape: Do no try to ingest native histograms when the native histograms feature is turned off. This happened when protobuf scrape was enabled by for example the created time feature. #13987
* [BUGFIX] Scaleway SD: Use the instance's public IP if no private IP is available as the `__address__` meta label. #13941
* [BUGFIX] Query logger: Do not leak file descriptors on error. #13948
* [BUGFIX] TSDB: Let queries with heavy regex matches be cancelled and not use up the CPU. #14096 #14103 #14118 #14199
* [BUGFIX] API: Do not warn if result count is equal to the limit, only when exceeding the limit for the series, label-names and label-values APIs. #14116
* [BUGFIX] TSDB: Fix head stats and hooks when replaying a corrupted snapshot. #14079
  
## grpc/grpc  
### Release notes for Release v1.65.0-pre2  
#### 2024-06-21  
This is a prerelease of gRPC Core 1.65.0 (gnarly).

For gRPC documentation, see [grpc.io](https://grpc.io/). For previous releases, see [Releases](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/releases).

This prerelease contains refinements, improvements, and bug fixes.
  
